welcome to the base bump easy water
powered back up sump pump demonstration
video the easy pump is ideal for some
fits with normal volumes of ground water
inflows the base pump easy model is
designed with the home owner or handyman
in mind installation instructions are
easy to follow with most items included
for the typical application let's begin
our demonstration locate a ceiling joist
approximately above the sump pit for the
mounting of the base pump locate and
attach the clamps onto the ceiling joist
using the hardware included attach the
base pump onto the clamps and secure
tightly the base pump easy comes
complete with built-in backflow
preventer ball valve and push in tube
fittings the suction requires a one-inch
PVC pipe to be connected to the base
pump and glued into place it is
recommended that the discharge should be
installed independently outdoors to
provide maximum flood protection the
discharge water must be directed away
from the foundation to prevent recycling
back into the basement determine the
position of the float unit and clamp it
to the side of the suction pipe at your
desired level the push in fittings are
compatible with copper pecs and C PVC
tubing which makes the piping
connections easy even for the novice the
kit includes a push in tee fitting which
connects into the cold water line
position and mount the high water alarm
to the suction pipe or wall using the
included hardware the base pump easy is
more than a pump in a box that can
includes for a standard installation the
base pump easy is a complete and
permanent water powered back up sump
pump system all bass pump models are
constructed of heavy-duty corrosion
resistant materials the product has a
five-year parts warranty and an
estimated life expectancy of 25 years or
longer for basement flood protection
have peace of mind with the base pump